Updating docs for Facebook Lead ads (#4168)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/cloud-apps/facebook-lead-ads/index.md

### Permissions
**Setup**

> The following permissions are used to access the page information for the page dropdown, and the lead information for enrichment purposes inside FB leads ads service. More info [here] (https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/guides/lead-ads/retrieving). This source cannot be set up without the below permissions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following permissions to access the page and lead information for enrichment purposes with Facebook lead ads. You must have the following permissions to set this source up:
```

- pages_show_list
- pages_read_engagement
- pages_manage_ads 
- leads_retrieval
- ads_management

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about permissions [here] (https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/guides/lead-ads/retrieving){:target="_blank"}.
```

**Use**

> Leads Access Permissions are required to retrieve leads generated by Facebook Lead Ads. This is the default permissions for most roles. Learn more about permissions by [following this link](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1440176552713521).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Leads Access Permissions are required to retrieve leads generated by Facebook Lead Ads. This is the default permissions for most roles. Learn more about permissions by [following this link](https://www.facebook.com/business/help/1440176552713521){:target="_blank"}.
```
